#parte 1

Would Monica like to go?
Monica would like to go.

Would Monica like to go with my family at night?
Monica would like to go with my family at night.

Would Monica like to go with you guys right now?
Monica would like to go with you guys right now.

Who goes to the party with you guys at night?
Someone goes to the party with you guys at night.

Why does everyone go to the party with you guys at night?
I don't know why everyone goes to the party with you guys at night.

Who goes to the party with my family?
Someone goes to the party with my family.

What is everyone doing right now at the restaurant?
Everyone is doing that right now at the restaurant.

Why does Monica want to go right now?
I don't know why Monica would like to go right now.

What is everyone doing at the restaurant?
Everyone is doing that at the restaurant.

What is everyone doing at my house?
Everyone is watching a movie at my house.

Why is everyone watching a movie right now at my house?
Everyone is watching a movie right now at my house because I want it.

Why is Monica watching a movie right now?
Monica is watching a movie right now because I suggested it.

Who is doing that close to home?
Someone is doing that close to home.

Who talks to me at the restaurant every day?
My neighbor talks to me at the restaurant every day.

Where was my neighbor?
My neighbor was close to home.

Where was my neighbor last night?
My neighbor was with my family at the restaurant last night.

Who talks to me every day?
Someone talks to me every day.

Who talks to me every day close to home?
My cousin talks to me every day close to home.

Why is my cousin doing that?
My cousin is doing that because I suggested it.

Why is my cousin watching a movie?
My cousin is watching a movie because I want it.

Why does Monica go to the party every day?
I don't know why every day Monica goes to the party.

Where was my cousin last night?
Last night, my cousin was at my house.

Who is close to home every day?
Every day, my neighbor is close to home.

Is Monica with you guys?
Is Monica with you guys?

Was my cousin with you guys last night?
Was my cousin with you guys last night?

Who is doing that right now?
Someone is doing that right now.


#dialogo :)

Do you have more books to read?
I got more books to read.

Do you have more books to read before going to bed?
I have got more books to read before going to bed.

Do we need to spend more time together?
We need to spend more time together.

Did you spend more time talking about your plans for the future?
I spent more time talking about my plans for the future.

Does she go home to get more books?
She goes home to get more books.

Did you have a great time talking about our plans?
We had a great time talking about our plans.

Did you get more motivated to read after our conversation?
I got more motivated to read after our conversation.

Do you want to spend more time with your books in the future?
In the future, I want to spend more time with my books.

Did he say he had a great time reading that book?
He said he had a great time reading that book.

Did he say he had a great time discussing the book with you?
He said he had a great time discussing the book with me.

Did you spend some time reading a book yesterday?
I spent some time reading a book yesterday.

Do you feel like you're missing something in your life when you don't read?
I feel like I'm missing something in my life when I don't read.

Do you need to leave now, but can we continue our conversation later?
I need to leave now, but let's continue our conversation later.

Was the time we spent together yesterday great?
The time we spent together yesterday was great.

Did you get more motivated to read books after our conversation last week?
I got more motivated to read books after our conversation last week.

Do you need to spend more time with your family?
I need to spend more time with my family.

Do you have more books to read in the future?
I got more books to read in the future.

Do you have much time to read before going to bed?
I don't have much time to read before going to bed.

Do you have much time to spend on this?
I don't have much time to spend on this.

Do you have much time to spend on conversations right now?
I don't have much time to spend on conversations right now.

Do you have much time to spend on something that is not important?
I don't have much time to spend on something that is not important.

# parte 02/10

Do you miss something related to books?
Yes, I miss reading books.

What do you miss about our interactions?
I miss our conversations.

Who do you miss spending time with?
I miss spending time with my family.

What feeling do you miss?
I miss the feeling.

Why did you have to spend more time at work?
I had to spend more time at work, and I miss having free time for myself.

What do you miss about the conversations we had?
I miss the conversations we had.

Where do you miss talking to him?
I miss the place where I talked to him.

What were you doing with yourself last week?
I miss the conversations I had with myself last week.

Why did you spend more time reading books?
I spent more time reading books to understand all of this.

What do you need to do to feel motivated?
There is a need for me to spend time reading to feel motivated.

Why did you talk to yourself for a while?
I had to talk about it, so I talked to myself for a while.

What kind of conversations do you miss having?
I miss the conversations I have with myself.

What did you realize you miss?
I realized how much I miss reading books.

What kind of conversations do you miss having with someone?
I miss having honest conversations with someone who can understand me.

When did you have a great time talking about our plans for the future?
I had a great time when we talked about our plans for the future.




